Fix double "extend" (#260)
openpgp-pqc/draft-openpgp-pqc: draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc.md

To this end, this document specifies the following new set: SLH-DSA standalone and the two ML-* as composite with ECC-based KEM and digital signature schemes.
Here, the term "composite" indicates that any data structure or algorithm pertaining to the combination of the two components appears as single data structure or algorithm from the protocol perspective.

> The document specifies the conventions for interoperability between compliant OpenPGP implementations, extending [RFC9580] by adding KEM and signature algorithms specified in {{composite-kem-section}}, {{composite-signature-section}}, and {{slhdsa-section}}.

Author: ```suggestion
This document extends [RFC9580] by adding KEM and signature algorithms specified in {{composite-kem-section}}, {{composite-signature-section}}, and {{slhdsa-section}} and specifies the conventions for interoperability between compliant OpenPGP implementations.
```
